Magisterial Messi!
Messi has set the bar so high, he could be in the Olympics for Argentina in the pole vault and win it!
The Medicine Man, providing poison down the throats of his opponents!
Messi again! Sublime? Sublimessi!
Giving Messi that much time and space is like giving Dracula the keys to the blood bank!
They tell me that all men are equal in God's eyes; Messi makes you seriously think about those words.
Messi could follow you into a revolving door and come out first!
Messi is like a Jedi Knight! Nah, better than that - a Templar Knight!
AHHHHHHHHH ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!
Messi is braver than a matador in high heels in a pink tutu!
Absolute, astonishing, jaw-dropping genious from Lionel!
Magnifico! Extraordinario! Messi!
This is a bravado goal, this is an absolute concerto goal from Lionel!
Messi gets his angles better than isosceles!
Like Oliver Twist, Messi wants more, and he never says, "Please, sir," he just takes it.
Messi is as electrifying as a hairdryer thrown into a hot tub, my friend.
Excuse me for being excited, people, but we're witnessing a man that could wake up the catatonic.
Like Betamax, they do not make them like Messi anymore.
Heartbreak turns into sheer delight! Orgasmic jubilation from Messi!
Aw, man, is there going to be some loving going on tonight in the bedrooms of Barcelona.
Messi's on to this one quicker than a jackrabbit on a hot date. Look at that finish! That is beyond world class!
Messi has his head up, and his neck is twisting like Linda Blair in the Exorcist! Wonderful vision!
He stabs this with a beautiful rainbow, and a big pot of gold is waiting at the other end. Magical Messi! Albicelestial goal!
Messi would have finished it off with half a dozen blindfolds on!
Like a happily married couple, Messi washes, and Suarez dries!
Messi's left leg is like a big hypodermic needle!
Messi could make an onion cry!
The gods in footballer heaven are looking down at Lionel and saying, "It doesn't get any better than that."
It's like the ball seeks Messi out! It wants to go home to its papa!
The insane becomes the routine with Messi! He is nothing less than a ball whisperer.
BWAAAAHHHHHHHH!
The only way to describe Messi is buxom, and we like buxom, Phil.  He is class in a glass, through and through.
The stardust of Messi! The little man is pure Barca.
The bubble in Lionel's slide rule never leaves those two little lines!
Asking these defenders to stop Messi is like asking Tiger Woods to putt on a cabbage patch.
No need to gild the lily when it's been delivered by the botanical feet of Messi! What a ball!
Magical feet. Hunger. They pay him a king's ransom, and it means nothing; once he's out on the field with the ball, he's a young boy again.
Messi with his variation on string theory - he strings it all together right.
Messi makes the defender into a T-rex with hemorrhoids!
I think it's the beard. Never shave that thing off, Leo. It'll put your balance all out of whack.
Of all the jewels in the Aladdin's cave of Barcelona, the Koh-i-Noor diamond is Leo, but never, ever is rested.
It's like blasphemy criticizing Lionel Messi, because it takes a thousand Steinway pianos to reproduce one note of his.
Defenders try to follow Messi on Facebook and he comes out on Twitter!
Messi has better balance than a big, Greek belly dancer as he's running, Phil!
Messi again! Sir Isaac Newton from up above looks down and says, "About that gravity thing - I was wrong, Messi was right!"
What we've seen here is aboslutely Shakespearean, but Shakespeare got it wrong! It wasn't King Lear, it's King Leo!
Absolutely tumbledrier football from Leo! This goal could break the internet!
This is a goal from Messi that would cheer a manic depressive up!
Messi's left foot is like a hypodermic needle crossed with a Stradevarius! He puts more curve on it than Jessica Rabbit!
That's not fly's eye vision from Messi - it's MUTANT fly's eye vision!
This pass from Messi grows eyeballs like Marty Feldman!
Stopping Messi is like trying to nail jelly to the wall!
Messi is mainline to pure footballing magic that belongs in a different galaxy altogether!
Messi emasuculates the defenders! Individually, collenctively, he don't care!
Messi literally disperses the atoms inside his body on one side of this defender and collects them on the other!
