Magisterial Neymar!
Neymar has set the bar so high, he could be in the Olympics for Brazil in the pole vault and win it!
The Medicine Man, providing poison down the throats of his opponents!
Neymar again! Sublime? Sublimessi!
Giving Neymar that much time and space is like giving Dracula the keys to the blood bank!
They tell me that all men are equal in God's eyes; Neymar makes you seriously think about those words.
Neymar could follow you into a revolving door and come out first!
Neymar is like a Jedi Knight! Nah, better than that - a Templar Knight!
AHHHHHHHHH ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!
Neymar is braver than a matador in high heels in a pink tutu!
Absolute, astonishing, jaw-dropping genious from Neymar!
Magnifico! Extraordinario! Neymar!
This is a bravado goal, this is an absolute concerto goal from Neymar!
Neymar gets his angles better than isosceles!
Like Oliver Twist, Neymar wants more, and he never says, "Please, sir," he just takes it.
Neymar is as electrifying as a hairdryer thrown into a hot tub, my friend.
Excuse me for being excited, people, but we're witnessing a man that could wake up the catatonic.
Like Betamax, they do not make them like Neymar anymore.
Heartbreak turns into sheer delight! Orgasmic jubilation from Neymar!
Aw, man, is there going to be some loving going on tonight in the bedrooms of Barcelona.
Neymar's on to this one quicker than a jackrabbit on a hot date. Look at that finish! That is beyond world class!
Neymar has his head up, and his neck is twisting like Linda Blair in the Exorcist! Wonderful vision!
He stabs this with a beautiful rainbow, and a big pot of gold is waiting at the other end. Magical Neymar! Celestial goal!
Neymar would have finished it off with half a dozen blindfolds on!
Like a happily married couple, Neymar washes, and Suarez dries!
Neymar's left leg is like a big hypodermic needle!
Neymar could make an onion cry!
The gods in footballer heaven are looking down at Neymar and saying, "It doesn't get any better than that."
It's like the ball seeks Neymar out! It wants to go home to its papa!
The insane becomes the routine with Neymar! He is nothing less than a ball whisperer.
BWAAAAHHHHHHHH!
The only way to describe Neymar is buxom, and we like buxom, Phil.  He is class in a glass, through and through.
The stardust of Neymar! The little man is pure Barca.
The bubble in Neymar's slide rule never leaves those two little lines!
Asking these defenders to stop Neymar is like asking Tiger Woods to putt on a cabbage patch.
No need to gild the lily when it's been delivered by the botanical feet of Neymar! What a ball!
Magical feet. Hunger. They pay him a king's ransom, and it means nothing; once he's out on the field with the ball, he's a young boy again.
Neymar with his variation on string theory - he strings it all together right.
Neymar makes the defender into a T-rex with hemorrhoids!
I think it's the haircut. Never shave that thing off, Neymar. It'll put your balance all out of whack.
Of all the jewels in the Aladdin's cave of Barcelona, the Koh-i-Noor diamond is Neymar, but never, ever is rested.
It's like blasphemy criticizing Neymar, because it takes a thousand Steinway pianos to reproduce one note of his.
Defenders try to follow Neymar on Facebook and he comes out on Twitter!
