Magisterial Ronaldo!
Ronaldo has set the bar so high, he could be in the Olympics for Portugal in the pole vault and win it!
The Medicine Man, providing poison down the throats of his opponents!
Giving Ronaldo that much time and space is like giving Dracula the keys to the blood bank!
They tell me that all men are equal in God's eyes; Ronaldo makes you seriously think about those words.
Ronaldo could follow you into a revolving door and come out first!
Ronaldo is like a Jedi Knight! Nah, better than that - a Templar Knight!
AHHHHHHHHH ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!
Ronaldo is braver than a matador in high heels in a pink tutu!
Absolute, astonishing, jaw-dropping genious from Cristiano!
Magnifico! Extraordinario! Ronaldo!
This is a bravado goal, this is an absolute concerto goal from Cristiano!
Ronaldo gets his angles better than isosceles!
Like Oliver Twist, Ronaldo wants more, and he never says, "Please, sir," he just takes it.
Ronaldo is as electrifying as a hairdryer thrown into a hot tub, my friend.
Excuse me for being excited, people, but we're witnessing a man that could wake up the catatonic.
Like Betamax, they do not make them like Ronaldo anymore.
Heartbreak turns into sheer delight! Orgasmic jubilation from Ronaldo!
Aw, man, is there going to be some loving going on tonight in the bedrooms of Madrid.
Ronaldo's on to this one quicker than a jackrabbit on a hot date. Look at that finish! That is beyond world class!
Ronaldo has his head up, and his neck is twisting like Linda Blair in the Exorcist! Wonderful vision!
He stabs this with a beautiful rainbow, and a big pot of gold is waiting at the other end. Magical Ronaldo! Celestial goal!
Ronaldo would have finished it off with half a dozen blindfolds on!
Like a happily married couple, Ronaldo washes, and Benzema dries!
Ronaldo's left leg is like a big hypodermic needle!
Ronaldo could make an onion cry!
The gods in footballer heaven are looking down at Cristiano and saying, "It doesn't get any better than that."
It's like the ball seeks Ronaldo out! It wants to go home to its papa!
The insane becomes the routine with Ronaldo! He is nothing less than a ball whisperer.
BWAAAAHHHHHHHH!
The only way to describe Ronaldo is buxom, and we like buxom, Phil.  He is class in a glass, through and through.
The bubble in Cristiano's slide rule never leaves those two little lines!
Asking these defenders to stop Ronaldo is like asking Tiger Woods to putt on a cabbage patch.
No need to gild the lily when it's been delivered by the botanical feet of Ronaldo! What a ball!
Magical feet. Hunger. They pay him a king's ransom, and it means nothing; once he's out on the field with the ball, he's a young boy again.
Ronaldo with his variation on string theory - he strings it all together right.
Ronaldo makes the defender into a T-rex with hemorrhoids!
I think it's the beard. Never shave that thing off, Cristiano. It'll put your balance all out of whack.
Of all the jewels in the Aladdin's cave of Madrid, the Koh-i-Noor diamond is Cristiano, but never, ever is rested.
It's like blasphemy criticizing Cristiano Ronaldo, because it takes a thousand Steinway pianos to reproduce one note of his.
